{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14860\viewh10300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 READ ME
\fs24  for PF2e Slicks NPC Random Generator:\
\
Description: This Module Creates an actor or journal entry or both using macros to create from a MasterNPC generator that utilizes 75 different roll tables nested into the MasterNPC rolltable for your PF2e system.\
MAKE SURE YOU ROLL THE MASTER ONCE: this will allow the macro work going forward\

\fs36 \ul Steps for ModuleUsage:
\fs24 \ulnone \
1) Download Module\
2) Go to manage modules and activate it\
3) Go to Compendiums\
	a) you will see 4 compendiums:\
		1) Slicks NPC Random Generator Journal Entries\
		2) Slicks NPC Random Generator Roll Tables\
		3) Slicks NPC Random Master\
		4) Slicks NPC Random Generator Macros\
4) Import the Compendiums and move the macros to your toolbar\
	a) Import Slicks NPC Random Generator Roll Tables into your roll tables tab first. Then import Slicks NPC Random Master next. \
		1) Use the checkbox to keep unique id\'92s and import Slicks NPC Random Generator Roll Tables  into all one folder \
	b) Import the Macro.  The Macro when executed will pull up a UI that will ask you if you want to generate a NPC Actor, and NPC Journal Entry, or Both.\
	c) This will import PF2e Detail Generator which is a journal that links to https://codexnomina.com/pathfinder-name-generator/ where you can easily find a name using ancestry and gender as queries to narrow your needs. It also includes other links to the same site to generate other names of people or items you may find useful.  \
		1)THIS SITE HAS A POPUP THAT COMES UP OCCASIONALLY THAT KILLS ME BUT THE GENERATOR IS PRETTY SOLID FOR NAMES SO MAKE SURE YOU CLOSE IT AFTER USE\
5) Open and click \'93Roll\'94 on Slicks NPC Random Master before you start using the macro or the Macro won\'92t execute the master roll completely.  The Master Roll has to be rolled one time to get it going\
6) Your ready to go\
\
Notice: A couple of the tables are adapted work from foundry_community_tables and are protected un Creative Commons 4.0 so I am giving them Credit for a couple of them.  They have been altered to be more applicable to PF2e specifically. But, giving credit is important. Thanks guys.  I encourage everyone to DL that Module and check it out.  Also the Deities table for the Inner Sea as well as Elven and Dwarven Pantheon utilizes PF2e system compendium material and is protected under OGL.  \
\
Special Thanks to: JFoley, roninseven, my buddies at goblin salvage rights, especially Oakstubble, Dee, and chrithit, the FoundryVTT #module-development channel guys who were so helpful\
\
}